# April 12, 2021

## Agenda:

1. [Managing Minutes](https://github.com/erlef/marketing-wg/issues/52)
1. Other business.

### Other business

#### Can marcom team assist with marketing SpawnFest 2021? 
Bryan Paxton raised the issue of seeking help from the marketing working group and the EEF marcom team in regards 
to assisting with spawnfest.

Bryan Paxton stated he possibly had a conflict of interest, but the group was not concerned and/or disagreed. 
The group agreed it's in line with the foundation's goals of supporting the community. 

#### No unified message front and/or no messaging hierarchy

Oliver Weiss raised the issue of not having a unified message front and having no messaging hierarchy. He will dig into the website and possibly other materials and propose changes as part of an action item (action item should be created by Oliver). To be continued. 

## Action Items: 

 - Marcom team to assist in promoting spawnfest
 - Add a minutes template and update meeting protocol wiki

## Attendees:

- Alistair Woodman
- Bryan Paxton
- Lucila Dominguez 
- Gerardo Borras
- Oliver Weiss
- Daniel Widgren
- Ernesto Malave
