# April 14, 2021

## Agenda:

1. [Defining working group member expectations](https://github.com/erlef/marketing-wg/issues/49)
1. [Context for getting to know us article series](https://github.com/erlef/marketing-wg/issues/50)
1. Misc.

## Action Items: 

## Attendees:

- Alistair Woodman
- Bryan Paxton
- Lucila Dominguez 
- Gerardo Borras
- Oliver Weiss
- Johnny Winn
- Daniel Widgren
- Ernesto Malave

### Defining working group member expectations

Bryan raised the issue of defining expectations for existing members of the working group and for future members of the
working group. 

- What is a reasonable expectation to set? 
- How long is some one **not** involved / **not** attentive before being deemed inactive?
- What happens when someone becomes inactive?
  
  Bryan stated 5h a month may be too much, perhaps defining expectations in terms of hours is folly. Maybe
  setting expectation in terms of involvement and activity is a better approach. He stated how he sees activity as a
  sliding window function, which provides flexibility. That is to say, just because someone is inactive for a month
  doesn't mean their listing as an active member on the website should be removed or that they should be removed from the private channel. However, if you're seen as inactive for say 3 months, then you should marked as inactive. 

  Bryan also stated that not only is being listed on the working group's page on the site a priviledge, but so is being
  privy to private discussion. 

  Johnny stated he thinks 5h a month is resaonable, but it should not be a hard and fast rule. He commented on how
  marketing may be unique in that it requires a lot of activity.
  
  Alistair made it clear that the 5h a month in the bylaws is not and should not be coupled to the policies of a working
  group. But it is up to the working group to define expectations, policies, and procedures.

  Ernesto stated that 5h a month is not unreasonable, but that he thinks the issue trying to be tackled here is perhaps
  more around quantifing activity vs defining a set number of hours, and that perhaps the expectation should not 
  be around number of hours, but activities. 
  
  Bryan commented that this indeed can not be a second job, we can not and should not keep tabs on people, there must be
  trust. 

  Johnny commented that devoid of actual time spent it is quite clear who is and who isn't active. 

  All agreed on Johnny's comment. 

  Daniel added that he thinks its important for a member of the group who may not be so active for a few weeks, month,
  etc. should make it clear to the group, members should strive for open communication.

  All agreed on Daniel's point. 

  Both Johnny and Bryan provided commentary in regards to be being listed on the website as an active member is a
  privledge not unlike voting, further that it's confusing for people, including the chair(s) who is and isn't active
  and that it's even more problematic if someone not part of the group reaches out to an inactive member, who may not be
  able to adequately respond to a question or concern in terms of simply being inactive or per not being attentive to
  the on-goings of the group. 

  The group generally agreed that 5h a month is not unreasonable expectation to set and is good forcing function, 
  but it should not be a hard and fast rule (i.e., it should be understood that it is goal, not a litmus test). Once
  again, the group all agreed it is quite clear when someone isn't active or involved. 

  The group agreed for times sake and in order to digest the issue at hand that this agenda item would be 
  resumed at the next meeting, optimally having a vote on what policies and procedures which are to be documented. 

### Context for getting to know us article series

Bryan raised the issue of there being a lack of context in the first getting to know us article in the series.

Bryan commented on how he originally thought a static page of sorts listing each article in the series seemed like a
good idea, but people can end up on the article without ever seeing said static page which provides context. Perhaps
what's best may be putting boiler plate in each article at the top. 

Alistair commented that he agrees, but that we might want to adjust this sooner rather than later. That is, if we have
100 of these types of articles, putting boiler plate in each one might be overkill. 

The group agreed with Alistair's point and that for now put boiler plate in with the article, but we should revisit this
at a point in the not so distant future. 

### Misc. 

#### Any news tips in marcom team's inbox?

 Bryan inquired as to whether any news tips, etc. have come into the marcom team's inbox. The marcom team said no, other
 than communication with Miriam Pena around Elixir Conf Africa. 

 Bryan anticipated there would not be. 

 Marcom team suggested we can keep trying to market this concept. 

 The group agreed. 

 #### Any reach out from working groups to marcom team?

 Bryan inquired as to whether any working groups have reached out to marcom team regarding a message marcom team put out 
 around working groups reaching out to marcom to get the word out about their activities. 

 The marcom team said they have not got any reach out yet. 

 Oliver suggested perhaps making a form for working groups to fill out might be a good approach. 

 Bryan said he would support the action item, and to give it a test run, but also doesn't think we should wait for that
 to get created, a test run to ensue. 

 Bryan stated that he believes this will have to be a pull vs push model. That is to say he believes marcom team will
 have to seek out members of other working groups and inquire about activities. He commented on that for a myriad of
 reasons we can not expect nor wait for working groups to reach out to us. Bryan also commented that it's not just about
 getting information, but building up a personal rapport with members of other working groups. They need to feel
 comfortable talking to marcom. 

 The group agreed.

 Daniel added that we perhaps need a better way of communicating the notion with other working groups. 

 The group agreed.

 #### What's in the pipeline around events for marcom team? 

 Lucila stated ElixirConf Africa, Code BEAM Europe, and Elixir mexico city.

 Bryan added that he and others will be discussing spawnfest tomorrow, it may be ideal to start marketing that sooner
 rather than later. Would get back with the group about that soon. 
